Linked by A-L. Barabási
Chapters 1-3
In chapter 3 Barabási writes about the six degrees of separation and how the idea that we are connected to each other through at most 5 intermediaries came to be. It was first mentioned by Hungarian writer Frigyes Karinthy and later tried out by the famous social psychologist Stanley Milgram. None of the actually named it six degrees of separation as the term was coined by another playwriter. Additionally, Karinthy just mentioned it in a story while Milgram tried it out in the context of the USA. The idead that we are all connected and on of top of that with just these few links is intriguing to me. I think it is interesting that even though the distance between us is theoretically minimal our daily interactions are determined mainly by our first-degree links and it is rare to reach even the people who are our second-degree links not to mention the others. It is obvious why we do not know people who are further away as there are a lot of them and theoretically all of them. 
Since 'Linked' was first published in 2002 it is also interesting to see what has changed during that time and how the Web has changed. For example, he mentions it would be impossible to make a 'social search engine' consisting of all the people and their friends and aquaintances. However today there is an abundance of social media websites where people connect with their friends and even though not everyone we add is our best friend and not everyone is using those websites it is still surprising how much has happened in the past two decades. Barabási also writes about the fact that because of the internet the number of social links an individual can maintain is increasing as the link which would have died out because of distance or something else are kept alive. This is even more visible in social media as even though we may not have spoken to some people in a decade we still see their daily updates on our feed.