-------------
-------------
Response to the reading:
-------------
The reading talks about several aspect connected to IoT UX. For example, increased interconnection through the Internet will most likely lead to increase
in response time from the device which may even not receive our command. This
seems like a very frustrating challenge to overcome because nobody wants to
have to call a customer service to open their door or use an oven because their
identification as an authorised person to use the equipment was not successful. I
think complications like this will sometimes make customer's lives harder while
giving them a service of dubious importance.
As the book mentions IoT is all about data. Companies use data even now to track
how their customers behave in order to craft product which are more suited for
them. With IoT the amount of data companies can posses will increase
dramatically theoretically leading to even greater perfection in providing
services. However, do customers really want to be served whatever lies in their
minds? I, for example, do not think a private company should know about my habits. In the end it mostly serves the company who can sell me another product
which I may not even need and which will earn them even more profit.

-------------
-------------

Hypothetical device addressing 2 design concepts from the book:
-------------
Gaming consoles
Let's say I have more console types / different gaming devices and I want to
make them be able to communicate with each other efficiently so I will need a 
platform to do this.
According to the book 'Designing Connected Products' platform is a software framework and takes care of the low-level details like managing how devices share
data and discover new devices and applications. Even though this is not visible
to the user, it is, nevertheless, important because it gives the user more
possibilities how to interact with their device without them fully realizing
that. In my gaming devices this would be of crucial importance as playing games
with others can increase the user's satisfaction with the product because it
offers more options to choose from.
This part of platform design is connected to interusability. I want my gaming
devices to be able to communicate with each other but since they may have
different function I would make only function which are not important or fuctions
which belong to both devices to work during their interactions.